feat: Store breadcrumbs to disk for OOM events (#2347)
getsentry/sentry-cocoa: develop-docs/README.md

Contributors: @philipphofmann

GH actions will remove the macOS-10.15 image, which contains an iOS 12 simulator on 12/1/22; see https://github.com/actions/runner-images/issues/5583.
Neither the [macOS-11](https://github.com/actions/runner-images/blob/main/images/macos/macos-11-Readme.md#installed-sdks) nor the
[macOS-12](https://github.com/actions/runner-images/blob/main/images/macos/macos-12-Readme.md#installed-sdks) image contains an iOS 12 simulator. GH
[concluded](https://github.com/actions/runner-images/issues/551#issuecomment-788822538) to not add more pre-installed simulators. SauceLabs doesn't
support running unit tests and adding another cloud solution as Firebase TestLab would increase the complexity of CI. Not running the unit tests on
iOS 12 opens a risk of introducing bugs, which has already happened in the past, especially with swizzling. Therefore, we give manually installing
the iOS 12 simulator a try.

Related to [GH-2218](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/issues/2218)

> ### Writing breadcrumbs to disk in the main thread

Reviewer: Thanks for adding an entry here 🙏

Date November 15, 2022
Contributors: @kevinrenskers, @brustolin and @philipphofmann

> For the benefit of OOM crashes we write breadcrumbs to disk, see https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/pull/2347. We have decided to do this in the main thread because we want to make sure we're not missing out of any breadcrumbs. It's especially the last breadcrumb(s) that are important to figure out what is causing an OOM. And since we're only appending to an open file stream, the overhead is extremely small.

Reviewer: `l`: Typos and wording suggestions
```suggestion
For the benefit of OOM crashes, we write breadcrumbs to disk; see https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/pull/2347. We have decided to do this in the main thread to ensure we're not missing out on any breadcrumbs. It's mainly the last breadcrumb(s) that are important to figure out what is causing an OOM. And since we're only appending to an open file stream, the overhead is acceptable compared to the benefit of having accurate breadcrumbs.
```
